docs: Document pl-file-preview (#6797)
PrairieLearn/PrairieLearn: docs/elements.md

- [`pl-external-grader-results`](#pl-external-grader-results-element):
  Displays results from questions that are externally graded.
- [`pl-hidden-hints`](#pl-hidden-hints): Displays hints as a student submits more on the current variant.

> - [`pl-file-preview`](#pl-file-preview): To display previously submitted files.

Reviewer: Doesn't match the style of other descriptions in this list.

```suggestion
- [`pl-file-preview`](#pl-file-preview): Displays a preview of submitted files.
```

#### See also

- [`pl-file-upload` to receive files as a submission](#pl-file-upload-element)
- [`pl-file-preview` to display previously submitted files](#pl-file-preview)
- [`pl-external-grader-results` to include output from autograded code](#pl-external-grader-results)
- [`pl-code` to display blocks of code with syntax highlighting](#pl-code-element)
- [`pl-string-input` for receiving a single string value](#pl-string-input-element)

---

### `pl-file-preview` element

Provides an in-browser preview of a file submitted by a student as part of an external grading system. Shows the submitted
file in the corresponding submission panel. Usually used in conjunction with some combination of `pl-file-editor`,

> `pl-file-upload`, and `pl-external-grader-results` elements.

Reviewer: It may be misleading to list `pl-external-grader-results` here, since it is a companion to `pl-file-preview`, while the other elements are file submission elements. You could list other elements that submit files, like `pl-order-blocks` and `pl-rich-text-editor`, and list `pl-external-grader-results in a separate sentence.
